From 404 not found. To a full branded website in 1 week
The client never had to send me his logo or anything. My agency did its own research. Gathered all assets, information and understanding the clients target audience. We created a website with existing customer pictures and improved seo targeting so he is easier to find organically on google.


All the client had to do is “hey i want a website” this was my old domain. And i went ahead and took action. We work and adapt to clients necessities., lunar painting client he always busy on the field so he doesnt have time to deal with the designer to send links or pictures. So we adapted and found a way to over deliver my clients needs and show off what we can do. We elevated a simple commercial business. To a fully branded authority standing business. Now my client is up to par to competitors and setting the example for his industry.


We want to sell 500usd website package. Wich includes a domain hosting for 1 year and monthly maintenance with small updates. That simple that easy just one time transaction for a live website 1 year no hassles. No monthly subscriptions. Just one time deal for your business website. *packages will be like a contract so the 500 includes 3 pages. (index,contact,about) for example,  and the monthly maintenance is to make sure the website is up and running. Small changes like phone number updates or hook changes or copy updates but no new sections, those will be quoted separately. So please also help me write a .txt. Which  that will be like my contract directions so i can make one in the future. Right now i just want to create this case study so i can add to my website.


I want to minimize the beattus cattus case and focus on these new ones. That one i want it in there but just like as a reference to my years of experience. Right now we are going to showcase new projects. Like the keylime maritime website. Also another case study for a real estate agency. I designed some flyers for them so please start adding like placeholders for these case studies i will be updating on the future.


Me dont leave our watermark on our clients website. It is what it is. I thinks its corny when a creative agency leaves their name on the footer of clients pages. Its like too amateur for me.


I like jeremy lee miner nepq way of talking and selling. So you can use him as a reference for the style of writing